[FSTORE-588] Kafka Authoriser Update (#191)
logicalclocks/logicalclocks.github.io: docs/user_guides/projects/kafka/produce_messages.md

## Introduction

> A Producer is a process which produces messages to a kafka topic. In Hopsworks, only the user with the 'Data owner' role is capable of performing the 'Write' action on Kafka topics within the project that he is a member of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Producer is a process which produces messages to a Kafka topic. In Hopsworks, only users with the 'Data owner' role are capable of performing the 'Write' action on Kafka topics within the project that they are a member of.
```
